{\rtf \li720 \fi-720 \sl480 \slmult1 \sa0 Auth0. \uc0\u8220{}What Is and How Does Single Sign-On Authentication Work?\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Auth0 - Blog}, https://auth0.com/blog/what-is-and-how-does-single-sign-on-work/. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
beautiful_soup. \uc0\u8220{}Beautiful Soup Png - Google Search.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Funthon}, https://funthon.files.wordpress.com/2017/05/bs.png. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
Brands Logos. \uc0\u8220{}The Washington Post Logo PNG Transparent (1).\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Brands Logos}, https://brandslogos.com/t/the-washington-post-logo-1/. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
bubble.io. \uc0\u8220{}News API Image.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Bubble}, https://bubble.io/plugin/news-api-1513274600093x312925770108633100. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
Dib, Firas. \uc0\u8220{}Regex101: Build, Test, and Debug Regex.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Regex101}, https://regex101.com/. Accessed 1 Nov. 2021.\
Icon ape. {\i{}Mattress-Firm.Png (600\uc0\u215{}600)}. https://iconape.com/wp-content/png_logo_vector/mattress-firm.png. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
LogoDownload. {\i{}Python Logo - PNG and Vector - Logo Download}. https://en.logodownload.org/python-logo/. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
News API. \uc0\u8220{}Everything - Documentation.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}News API}, https://newsapi.org. Accessed 1 Nov. 2021.\
pngaaa. {\i{}Google Cloud Image}. https://image.pngaaa.com/282/619282-middle.png. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
Schott, Tim. {\i{}Timschott/Kratos}. 2020. 2021. {\i{}GitHub}, https://github.com/timschott/kratos/blob/2cb2426800842fbdd7c95c43cc037a601cef67d5/wapo.py.\
seeklogo. \uc0\u8220{}Google Cloud Functions Logo Vector (.SVG) Free Download.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}SeekLogo}, https://seeklogo.com/vector-logo/354676/google-cloud-functions. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
sleep.com. \uc0\u8220{}What It\uc0\u8217{}s Really Like to Sleep in Space, According to Astronauts.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}Sleep.Com}, 22 Oct. 2021, https://www.sleep.com/sleep-tech/how-do-astronauts-sleep.\
slidesgo. {\i{}How to Create a Timeline in Google Slides - Tutorial}. https://slidesgo.com/slidesgo-school/google-slides-tutorials/how-to-create-a-timeline-in-google-slides. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
stickpng. {\i{}Twitter Logo}. https://assets.stickpng.com/images/580b57fcd9996e24bc43c53e.png. Accessed 30 Oct. 2021.\
The Washington Post. {\i{}Opinion | A Big Tech Bill with Promise Comes to Congress - The Washington Post}. https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2021/10/24/finally-promising-piece-tech-antitrust-legislation-congress/. Accessed 1 Nov. 2021.\
Tim Schott. \uc0\u8220{}Fun, Physical Context Showing My Twitter Bot, @WashingtonBezos, Extracting a \uc0\u8216{}Bezos-Disclaimer\uc0\u8217{} from Washington Post Articles Https://T.Co/OHZObTOy0t.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}@TimothySchott}, 3 Aug. 2021, https://twitter.com/TimothySchott/status/1422608568482729988.\
Twitter. {\i{}Getting Started with Cards}. https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/cards/guides/getting-started. Accessed 2 Nov. 2021.\
---. {\i{}POST Statuses/Update}. https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-api/v1/tweets/post-and-engage/api-reference/post-statuses-update. Accessed 1 Nov. 2021.\
Washington Bezos. \uc0\u8220{}(Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos Owns The Post.) Https://T.Co/GbNQucI1D7.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}@WashingtonBezos}, 24 Oct. 2021, https://twitter.com/WashingtonBezos/status/1452319045915717633.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos Owns The Washington Post Https://T.Co/Jtg12pOzTE.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}@WashingtonBezos}, 26 Oct. 2021, https://twitter.com/WashingtonBezos/status/1453119321262247937.\
---. \uc0\u8220{}(Twitch Is Owned by Amazon, Whose Founder, Jeff Bezos, Owns The Washington Post.) Https://T.Co/UAsIECob7I.\uc0\u8221{} {\i{}@WashingtonBezos}, 19 Oct. 2021, https://twitter.com/WashingtonBezos/status/1450265527734185984.\
Yext. {\i{}Yext Launches Financial Services Cloud, Highlighted by Guided AI-Powered Search Solution}. https://www.yext.com//about/news-media/yext-launches-fins-cloud. Accessed 1 Nov. 2021.\
}